docs/tutorials/server.md, before:

# Lesson 2: Server

By the end of this lesson, you'll be able to set up a *Hyperledger Cello* server on your computer.

## Dashboard
First, we'll need a dashboard for our server, which is the UI for us.
To do that, we have to build its image first by running:

```bash
make dashboard
```

The image will be tagged as `hyperledger/cello-dashboard:latest`.

This step can take a while because it builds the `node_module` via `yarn install`.

## Database
We'll directly use the official PostgreSQL image as our database, so there is no need to build another one.

## API Engine
Next, we'll build the center of our *Hyperledger Cello* server, which is the *api engine*.

```bash
make api-engine
```

The image will be tagged as `hyperledger/cello-api-engine:latest`.

This step can take a while because it has to install all the dependencies needed for the engine.

## Start the Server

Finally, we can start the server by:

```bash
make server
```

## Conclusion
That's it! You have successfully run a *Hyperledger Cello* server on your computer.

In the next lesson, we'll talk about how you can run an agent for it.

See you then!

## P.S. The "Quickstart" Way
Alternatively, you can run
```bash
make local
```

to set up a *Hyperledger Cello* server and agent as quick as possible.

However, in order to give you a deeper understanding of how everything works, 
we instead walked through the entire setup step-by-step in this lesson above.

Commit message:

Create lesson 3: agent
Signed-off-by: dodo920306 <dodo920306@gmail.com>

docs/tutorials/server.md, after:

# Lesson 2: Server

By the end of this lesson, you'll be able to set up a *Hyperledger Cello* server on your computer.

To do so, we'll set up 3 components of it: dashboard, database, and the api engine.

See also: [*Concepts*](../concepts.md).

## Image
### Dashboard
First, we'll need a dashboard for our server, which is the UI for us.

Thus, we have to build its image by running:

```bash
make dashboard
```

The image will be tagged as `hyperledger/cello-dashboard:latest`.

This step can take a while because it builds the `node_module` via `yarn install`.

### Database
We'll directly use the official PostgreSQL image as our database, so there is no need to build another one.

### API Engine
Next, we'll build the center of our *Hyperledger Cello* server, which is the *api engine*.

```bash
make api-engine
```

The image will be tagged as `hyperledger/cello-api-engine:latest`.

This step can take a while because it has to install all the dependencies needed for the engine.

## Start the Server

Finally, we can start the server by:

```bash
make server
```

If nothing goes wrong, you should see 3 containers running on your computer by executing

```bash
docker ps
```

They should be named `cello-dashboard`, `cello-api-engine`, `cello-postgres` respectively.

Go to [http://0.0.0.0:8081](http://0.0.0.0:8081) (replace the hostname with your connectable host e.g. [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)).

If you can see the login page on your browser, you're good to go.

## Conclusion
That's it! You have successfully run a *Hyperledger Cello* server on your computer.

In the next lesson, we'll talk about how you can run an agent for it.

See you then!

## P.S. The "Quickstart" Way
Alternatively, you can run
```bash
make local
```

to set up a *Hyperledger Cello* server and agent in the same place as quick as possible.

However, in order to give you a deeper understanding of how everything works, 
we instead walked through the entire setup step-by-step in this tutorial.
